Changing behaviour of PytestReturnNotNoneWarning to return a warning (#11211)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/10465.deprecation.rst

> Test functions returning a value other than None will now return a warning and not an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test functions returning a value other than None will now issue a `PytestWarning` instead of `PytestRemovedIn8Warning`, meaning this will stay a warning instead of becoming an error in the future.
```
